docs: import existing s3 for cf (#4340)
aws/copilot-cli: site/content/docs/developing/content-delivery.en.md

```

And traffic from `CloudFront → Application Load Balancer (ALB) → ECS` will be HTTP only. This brings the benefit of terminating TLS at a geographically closer endpoint to the end user for faster TLS handshakes.

## How do I use CloudFront with an S3 bucket?

> You can optionally have the CloudFront work with Amazon S3 Bucket for faster static content delivery by configuring `cdn.static_assets` in the env manifest.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can optionally have CloudFront work with an Amazon S3 bucket for faster static content delivery by configuring `cdn.static_assets` in the env manifest.
```

### Use an existing S3 bucket

!!! attention

>     For security concerns, we suggest that you use a **private** S3 bucket, so that all public access is blocked by default.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    For security concerns, we suggest that you use a **private** S3 bucket so that all public access is blocked by default.
```

>     For security concerns, it is suggested that a **private** S3 bucket should be used, so that all public access is blocked by default.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    For security concerns, we suggest that you use a **private** S3 bucket, so that all public access is blocked by default.
```

> The env manifest example below illustrates how to use an existing S3 bucket for the CloudFront:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The env manifest example below illustrates how to use an existing S3 bucket for CloudFront:
```

???+ note "Sample env manifest setup for using an existing S3 bucket with CloudFront"
    ```yaml
    cdn:
      static_assets:
        location: cf-s3-ecs-demo-bucket.s3.us-west-2.amazonaws.com
        alias: example.com
        path: static/*
    ```

> Note that `static_assets.location` is the DNS domain name of the S3 bucket (for example, `EXAMPLE-BUCKET.s3.us-west-2.amazonaws.com`). If you are not using an alias of [app-associated root domain](../domain/#use-app-associated-root-domain), remember to create an A-record for your alias pointing to the CloudFront domain name.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that `static_assets.location` is the DNS domain name of the S3 bucket (for example, `EXAMPLE-BUCKET.s3.us-west-2.amazonaws.com`). If you are not using an alias of the [app-associated root domain](../domain/#use-app-associated-root-domain), remember to create an A-record for your alias pointing to the CloudFront domain name.
```

> After getting the environment deployed using the env manifest, you would need to update the bucket policy of your S3 bucket (if it is a private one), so that CloudFront can access it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After getting the environment deployed using the env manifest, you need to update the bucket policy of your S3 bucket (if it is a private one), so that CloudFront can access it.
```
